When is it acceptable to use CamelCase?

  Only in class names.


When do we use do...end instead of {...}?

  When our block cannot comfortably fit onto a single line.


In Test::Unit, what is the difference between assert and assert_equal?

  assert allows us to check if some arbitrary condition is true.

  assert_equal tests if two conditions are equal and fails if they aren't.


Where do we put code that needs to be run before or after each test?

  Inside setup and teardown methods.

  RSpec has related methods called before and after.


When we use setup, why do we need to use instance variables?

  To reduce redundant code. The filler data for tests is created by setup and
  assigned to instance variables, which are available to test methods.


How do you run all the specs in a folder?

  Supply the desired directory to the spec command.

  spec .
  spec /directory/subdirectory


What is a stub?

  A stub is a stand-in class that allows for the testing of a class without
  having to test every single dependency. They contains the same
  methods as their real class counterpart but pass default values to the class
  being tested without actually functioning.


What is a mock?

A mock is similar to a stub, except it takes an active role in testing and fails
if its conditions aren't met. A mock knows which methods should be called and
the arguments that should be passed to those methods.


Why do we make sure that our tests are red before fixing them?

  It is possible to write non-failing tests that never actually test anything
  and always pass. We want to be sure that our test actually tests what we think
  it tests.


If your company won’t allow full tests, what does it mean to “exercise your
code, even just a little bit.”

  Exercising code is writing basic functionality tests without using assert.
  Some examples would be testing whether or not something is actually a class,
  whether a method takes the correct number of arguments, and whether there are
  syntax errors or exceptions present.