In your own words, summarize the 7 things on page 9-11 that jQuery does well

  1) It quickly and easily traverses the DOM and accesses elements within.

  2) It easily modifies the CSS styling of sites regardless of browser
     technology.

  3) It can directly modify the content of the DOM beyond just styling. The
     actual structure of HTML can be manipulated and images, lists, text, and
     any other elements are able to be dynamically modified.

  4) It intercepts and acts on browser events (such as a click or mouse hover)
     when they happen and eliminates the inconsistent behavior seen across
     varied browsers.

  5) It provides a variety of tools that allow for visual feedback and
     interactive animations when the user manipulates a page.

  6) It allows for developers to easily implement Ajax (dynamic client-server
     communication and refreshing of individual elements without refreshing the
     entire page). jQuery eliminates the complicated task of adapting Ajax
     to the behavior of each particular browser, which normally all implement it
     in different ways.

  7) It enhances and simplifies basic JavaScript tasks that are commonly used.


How do you include external javascript files in HTML

  <script src="http://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.10.1.js"></script>


Should jquery.js get included before or after our project files?

  Before, so that it is available for the project files to properly reference
  when they are loaded.


What does this code do and why do we use it? $(document).ready()

  It is a cross-browser solution that schedules function calls so that they are
  run only when the DOM is available. It delays jQuery actions inside it
  until all HTML elements are loaded, independent of any image rendering.
  Some other features it has are the ability to execute functions that get added
  after a browser event takes place, the presence of the window.onload event
  handler safety net, and the ability to be called multiple times and
  subsequently executed in the order called.


What code would you use to select these things:
    an element: $('h1')

    an id: $('#some-id')

    a class: $('.some-class')

    a p tag, inside a div with class “turkey”, inside a body with the id
    “thanksgiving”: $('body#thanksgiving .turkey p')


How would you add “tiger stripes” to a table with jQuery? (tiger stripes are
alternating background colors)

  By targeting all the even or odd elements in a table using the :odd and :even
  selectors. A custom CSS class can then be applied to only those elements
  selected, changing their color. :nth-child() can also be used.


How do we select only checkboxes that are currently checked?

  Using the :checked form selector.


(research) What is the keyboard command to open the Chrome element inspector?
To open the Chrome console?

  Chrome element inspector (two ways): command + option + I
                                       command + shift + C

  Chrome console: command + option + L
